Copyright (c) 2015 CUAIR<cuair_mae@cornell.edu>

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files with the exception of
dependency libraries (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction,
including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit
persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following
conditions:

The Software shall not be used to compete against any student group from
Cornell University [Ithaca, NY] without explicit written permission from the
copyright holder.

The above copyright notice (including the copyright holder information) and
this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions 
of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

This software makes use of several packages, most of which use an MIT
License or a GPL License. Those pieces of software have their own licenses,
which must be followed independent of the CUAir GCS License. If you have any
questions about which packages were included in making this code, please email
us (email above). Additionally, package.json contains the names of most of the
NPM packages that are used on the front-end of the GCS.
